central banks around the world have made
it their mission to support the global
economy this is what happened you came
here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you today we
will look at a few charts and a few
additional pieces of information
beginning with this right here
total central bank assets we're looking
at the Fed the ECB and the Bank of Japan
and you will see one very consistent
element throughout and that is they love
to print a lot of money that has been
going on not just since the financial
crisis but that's really when the spark
was lit and you will see an extreme
amount that has been added during that
time frame but ever since then global
central banks 200 billion dollars per
month and you have to think that has to
make its way around the world at some
point it can't remain stagnant that's
the whole point of these central banks
is that they increase or decrease
liquidity as they see fit and that's
what controls the markets if they want
the markets to come down they pull back
on the liquidity they have that choice
at any moment this is the will shire
5,000 index versus the federal that
versus the FFR percent what we are
looking at here with the will Shire is
essentially think of it as all of the
stocks the value of all the stocks what
does it come to and that gives you a
good indication globally of how things
are doing then you have to look at the
Fed Funds rate so the Fed Funds rate
over time has since 1980 been declining
and that has allowed all of this to take
place this is sort of laying underneath
all of the decisions that are being made
by individuals by banks by everything
else
having a low interest rate really
distorts everything because they figure
well you know what I would normally do
this but instead I'm not making any
money there so I have to do this instead
and that really allows the central
bankers to fuel bubbles that's what's
happened and then we look at the federal
debt and that is one of the biggest
bubbles that we have seen increasing
dramatically no different than the stock
market bubble because just like the
federal debt it has been increasing
dramatically and this is all a direct
result of the central bank's printing
money if you want to show these two on
top of each other you will see a direct
correlation between the money printing
and the stock prices most people would
say well then it's better to be in
stocks than it is to be in cash and to
some degree I would have to agree with
that because cash except for you know a
small amount kept on hand is sort of an
emergency cash loses value over time we
know that to be certain so you want to
be in assets instead that's a general
term the way I would describe it the way
I described it in my first book in
particular and essentially that's a fact
well you have to understand what has
happened in order to get it to these
levels we're talking about extreme
amounts of that it's not normal this
isn't historically something that has
happened before one of the factors here
that we have to be worried about is the
projections of the continued declining
population in many areas look at the
developed world and you have to realize
that a lot of these countries they don't
have the birth rates that they need in
order to sustain everything that they've
promised with all the Ponzi schemes
social assistance programs there's not
enough people paying in connected with
that there are now more in the
then stocks the number of market in the
indexes now exceed the number of US
stocks traditional ones such as the
sp500 of collections of securities
weighted by market value and it goes on
so what I the reason I mentioned this
anyway is to essentially show you that
the underlying value of that stock
whether it's the Apple stock what Apple
does is actually a small portion when
you think about the stock market because
there's so many factors there's interest
rates there's what's happening
politically there's what that company is
doing as it on its own there are
particular regulations and laws that may
change things there may be geographical
problems there is a whole host of issues
that could affect that particular stock
or stocks in general so what that
company does many times has less of an
importance compared to you know all of
these other factors the reason I
mentioned is anywhere in the most casual
society on the planet even God now
accepts digital payments what we're
talking about is Sweden and how at
churches you can even donate using
plastic this is the way it is a rapid
shift going toward cashless Sweden is
leading the charge does that mean if you
live in Sweden that you can pay with
cash know what it means that very very
quickly
cash is making its way out of
circulation and a lot of people find it
easier to transact with plastic or
they're using their Apple pay systems or
bitcoins or anything else and I'm not
denying the fact that maybe it's easier
I just like to highlight the fact that
the cashless society is one of the goals
of the globalists and that for that
reason alone we have to be a little bit
wise this he
just talking about that whole ransomware
issue that was taking place and it's
affected basically globally from what I
can understand here and this has been a
big issue the reason I mentioned is not
talking about the details of that but
when we put our money in the
institutions when we have our data kept
with different establishments or on our
own computers or in our cell phones or
we have everything important relying on
somebody else we take a risk
and that is too much to risk from travel
agents to translators rising toll of
jobs taken by robots
although the nail nail technician
security officers and kitchen staff are
in greater demand I mentioned this just
basically once again to talk about the
loss of jobs due to automation and we
see the robots
delivering food or the door we see the
taxi drivers being at risk bus drivers
everything to do with driving is that
risk right now a lot of jobs are going
to be lost the jobs are not being
replaced that's just the way it is and I
think that there's a you know the
double-edged sword here where you have a
lot of technology helping people out at
the same time technology is taking away
some jobs and that's just just way this
so that's all for this video if you
found it informative please give me a
thumbs up last but not least if you
found the video informative I know you
will find my books on a GPS and global
economic collapse even more informative
if you want to flip through the books
just go over to Amazon because they have
a look inside feature that's going to
allow you to flip through the pages of
these books so you can see if you like
them
take care